# Awesome Touhou
A community driven list with the goal of gathering everything valuable in the Touhou Community.

## Contributing & Legal Information
If your work is mentioned in this project and you don't want to have it displayed, please contact us.

We follow [The Guidelines for Touhou Project Fan Creations](https://touhou-project.news/guidelines_en/), if you find a violation of this, please let us know and we will take action to remove the content from the list.

Feel welcome to contribute! Please submit a pull request, create an issue or contact me. 
We ask that in your contributions, specifically pull requests, you edit `README.md`.
It is also important that in your pull request you order the contribution alphabetically and following the correct format.

## Table of Contents
- ### [Official Everything](#official-everything)
  - [Official Games](#official-games)
  - [Official Websites](#official-websites)

### Official Games
*Collection of all the games made or licensed by ©上海アリス幻樂団 (Team Shanghai Alice) that counts as an integral part of Touhou's canon (not including Fangames with official licensing).*

*[Purchasing Guide](https://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/Purchasing_Guide)*

Name | Description | Author 
---- | ----------- | ------
[東方紅魔郷　～ the Embodiment of Scarlet Devil.](https://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/Embodiment_of_Scarlet_Devil) | 6th entry and the first one for Windows in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. You can control two characters, The Shrine Maiden of The Hakurei Shrine, Reimu Hakurei and Marisa Kirisame, The Ordinary Magician. An strange red mist is emitting from a western mansion leaving Gensokyo in peril, it's your duty to enter the mansion and stop the inccident. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方妖々夢　～ Perfect Cherry Blossom.](https://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/Perfect_Cherry_Blossom) | 7th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. Alongside Reimu & Marisa, The Maid of The Scarlet Devil Mansion, Sakuya Izayoi, joins you in this adventure. Spring didn't came and Winter is still dominating, but the protagonists see flowering cherry leaves in the sky, time to follow the trail and solve the inccident! | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方萃夢想　～ Immaterial and Missing Power.](https://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/Immaterial_and_Missing_Power) | 7.5th entry and the 1st fighting game in the Touhou Project series. Another mysterious mist extended all over Gensokyo, but this time causing great feasts every few days. You can pick between 11 characters. | Twilight Frontier & Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方永夜抄　～ Imperishable Night.](https://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/Imperishable_Night) | 8th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. The Youkai in Gensokyo notice that the Moon was replaced with a fake one, they slow down the night and ally themselves with the human protagonists, embarking on a rush to solve the inccident before the sun rises. You can pick between four duos of characters to control, including previous rivals, The Barrier Team, The Magical Team, The Scarlet team & The Netherworld team. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方花映塚 ～ Phantasmagoria of Flower View.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1420810/__Phantasmagoria_of_Flower_View/) | 9th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. Featuring 16 playable characters in a split screen versus mode, with singleplayer and multiplayer support. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方文花帖 ～ Shoot the Bullet.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1420650/__Shoot_the_Bullet/) | 9.5th entry and 1st one of the photography shoot 'em up series in Touhou Project. This time featuring Aya Shameimaru, the Tengu photographer as the protagonist. In this singleplayer game, you have to use Aya's photography skills to disappear the bullets on screen, in your quest to take nice pictures of the foes of previous games. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方風神録 〜 Mountain of Faith.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1100140/__Mountain_of_Faith/) | 10th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. There are rumors of a new God inhabiting the Youkai Mountain, with the likely plans of becoming the most powerful deity in Gensokyo, threatening Reimu Hakurei's way of life as a shrine maiden. It's up to you to go place this meddling God in her place. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方緋想天 ～ Scarlet Weather Rhapsody.](https://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/Scarlet_Weather_Rhapsody) | 10.5th entry and the 2nd fighting game in the Touhou Project series. A massive surge in extreme climate in Gensokyo leads most inhabitants to start fighting each other. It's based on Immaterial and Missing Power, with a lot of improvements, including 5 new characters. | Twilight Frontier & Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方地霊殿 〜 Subterranean Animism.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1100150/__Subterranean_Animism/) | 11th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. Geysers flooding with water and strange earth spirits started apearing. Smelling something fishy, the Youkai friends of Reimu & Marisa decide to send them to the Underworld to find the culprit, providing them with their Youkai powers as extra help in this difficult challenge. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方星蓮船 〜 Undefined Fantastic Object.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1100160/__Undefined_Fantastic_Object/) | 12th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. A strange flying ship appeared in Gensokyo's skies. It's up to Reimu & Marisa, this time joined by Sanae Kochiya, the shrine maiden who debuted on Touhou 10, to stop this threat. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方非想天則　～ 超弩級ギニョルの謎を追え (Hisoutensoku)](https://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/Touhou_Hisoutensoku) | 12.3th entry and the 3rd and final fighting game based on Immaterial and Missing Power in the Touhou Project series. A mysterious giant is seen wandering Gensokyo, you will investigate using different characters what's the truth of this creature. The game mainly features refinements over Scarlet Weather Rhapsody and it has a roster of 20 characters, with 4 new ones included to the existing cast. | Twilight Frontier & Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[ダブルスポイラー　～ 東方文花帖 (Double Spoiler)](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1100170/_/) | 12.5th entry and the 2nd one in the photography shoot 'em up series in Touhou Project. Once again you control Aya Shameimaru, doing her usual work, but something is off. A hidden Tengu is watching Aya carefully. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[妖精大戦争　～ 東方三月精 (Great Fairy Wars)](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1100180/_/) | 12.8th entry and the only one in the freezing shoot 'em up series in Touhou Project. This time, your only character is The Ice Fairy Cirno. After a misunderstanding with other fairies, Cirno goes on a silly quest for revenge. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方神霊廟 〜 Ten Desires.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1043230/__Ten_Desires/) | 13th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. Once again, spirits began flooding the world of Gensokyo, but this time, they are divine spirits! Along Reimu and Marisa, Sanae Kochiya and Youmu Konpaku, The Half-Human Half-Phantom Gardener, join the cast to find the source of these spirits. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方心綺楼 ～ Hopeless Masquerade.](https://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/Hopeless_Masquerade) | 13.5th entry and the 1st in the 2nd generation of the fighting games, this time with an one-on-one aereal gameplay. The bad emotional state of the human village lead the usual suspects into fighting for religious/social power in the village, who will win? Is someone behind this? The game features 10 playable characters. | Twilight Frontier & Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方輝針城 〜 Double Dealing Character.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1043240/__Double_Dealing_Character/) | 14th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. Weak Youkai are becoming rebelious, tools are turning into Youkais, Gensokyo is in disarray. Reimu, Marisa and Sakuya must find the troublemaker behind this before their magical tools gain more power. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[弾幕アマノジャク 〜 Impossible Spell Card.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/937570/__Impossible_Spell_Card/) | 14.3th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. This time, you are playing as the chaotic Youkai Seija Kijin, who is getting hunted by a multitude of Gensokyo inhabitants using brutal danmaku due to her proficiency in troublemaking. You will play using a series of cheats to hopefully survive this. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方深秘録　～ Urban Legend in Limbo.](https://en.touhouwiki.net/wiki/Urban_Legend_in_Limbo) | 14.5th entry and the 2nd in the 2nd generation of the fighting games. Urban legends have started manifesting themselves like crazy, even possesing the protagonists and giving them new, fitting powers. In their power testing, the real, occult truth is revealed. 4 new characters are added. | Twilight Frontier & Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方紺珠伝 ～ Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/937580/__Legacy_of_Lunatic_Kingdom/) | 15th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. Troubles in the Moon made the Lunarians start an invasion of Gensokyo, making Reimu, Marisa, Sanae and the exiled Moon Rabbit Reisen go to the Moon and defeat the most powerful enemies yet. This game features another game mode, where you get checkpoints every little time, balancing the arguably hardest mainline game so far. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方憑依華　～ Antinomy of Common Flowers.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/716710/_Antinomy_of_Common_Flowers/) | 15.5th entry and the last in the 2nd generation of the fighting games. On top of the ongoing urban legend problems, the perfect possesion phenomenon appeared in Gensokyo, allowing one person to take over the body of the other. It's the task of the protagonists to defeat a nefarious duo exploiting perfect possesion. This game adds 5 more characters and uses the story as an excuse to include character switching mid battle. | Twilight Frontier & Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方天空璋 ～ Hidden Star in Four Seasons.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/745880/__Hidden_Star_in_Four_Seasons/) | 16th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. Seasons have gone berserk again, but this time, different areas in the small Gensokyo can vary from spring to summer. Reimu and Marisa are joined in solving this incident by Aya Shameimaru and Cirno. And to make things worse, weaklings are again experimenting surges of strength, who's behind this? You have the added gimmick of selecting a season as a shot type, that mimmicks one of the protagonist's regular attacks | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[秘封ナイトメアダイアリー ～ Violet Detector.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/924650/__Violet_Detector/) | 16.5th entry and the 3rd one in the photography shoot 'em up series in Touhou Project. Instead of a Tengu, you are in the shoes of Sumireko Usami, who is trapped in an endless danmaku nightmare due to her abusing entering Gensokyo via her dreams. Only her phone camera, psychic powers and the player's skill can save her. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方鬼形獣 〜 Wily Beast and Weakest Creature.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1079160/__Wily_Beast_and_Weakest_Creature/) | 17th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project.     Beast spirits began to invade from Hell en masse. "They're trying to take over the surface world with brute force and sheer numbers. I beg of you! Venture into Hell with me, and put a stop to their plans!" So she was told, by a beast spirit that was cooperative with humans... Reimu, Marisa and Youmu are the protagonists, who can pick between 3 animal spirits that grant powerups to certain danmaku skills. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方剛欲異聞　～ 水没した沈愁地獄 (Sunken Fossil World)](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1440500/_/) | 17.5th entry and a standalone horizontal side-scrolling danmaku water action game in Touhou Project. Black water (oil) began pouring out of most of Gensokyo's water sources, it's up to most of Gensokyo to figure out a way of defeating the underground monster creating all this oil. | Twilight Frontier & Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN)
[東方虹龍洞 ～ Unconnected Marketeers.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1566410/__Unconnected_Marketeers/) | 18th entry in the shoot 'em up series, Touhou Project. The story revolves around the circulation of mysterious cards, which seem to contain the secrets of various humans and youkai. You can play between Reimu, Marisa, Sanae and Sakuya. You can customize your character's skills by selecting cards before and during the game's progression. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN) 

### Official Websites
*Collection of websites made or licensed by ©上海アリス幻樂団 (Team Shanghai Alice)*

Name | Description | Author 
---- | ----------- | ------
[東方Project News](https://touhou-project.news/) | Touhou Yomoya News, your official website for getting Touhou news. | Team Shanghai Alice (ZUN), ©東方よもやま委員会

